what's up guys and welcome to another
episode of the new series with number
games we've got a pretty decent episodes
of time we've got you know a 30k team
I've tried to keep it a bit more lower
in price because I think a lot of people
on this game don't really have the most
amazing you know amount of coins in the
world so I've tried to keep it like her
an amount that people can really afford
so doesn't see here we come against this
kind of standard team he's got like a
Syria nun in one on red team platform at
the stroke of their but that guy is
called a labatt Alexander or something
like that but he's got a lot of pace
that's all I really know about him but I
see here the first goal from the other
guy um you know a pretty decent gold to
be honest but kind of lucky on my behalf
you know the group I don't know what
really what my goalkeeper was doing at
all and then here again what is my
goalkeeper doing really really quite
annoyed by that but so that made it to
nail in the 41st minute to him and I
sort of knew I had to do something about
it try to you know sort of step my game
up and really pursue band try and win
and see a nice little chip over with El
Shaarawy right into the path of Pato can
i lock you there with the guy heading it
strains paddlers path but you know that
is 45th minute maybe a bit of scripting
and that one I don't really know but a
really nice I don't know what's coreys
could like her he'll chop her some ink
but like it's like a flick chopper I've
really gotta know but we're doing an
icicle move there from rice and slots at
home and then we got really really lucky
without showering the 90th minute
goalkeeper just passes out I'll show is
aired she's going to be a poacher and
still to home so the game finished 32
which means that they're well three plus
two is five which means you have to buy
the first player off the fifth page and
here we are just setting our search
criteria to three care maximum by now
which means the maximum you know we can
spend on this team is going to be 30 k
and I always try and like fulfill that
price I don't really like leaving out
you know a few k because I really want
to make it just a natural 30k team but
as I see here on the fifth page we've
got Roberto Carlos Valbuena we've got
stupid hitch with Tehran and because I
right back but i can t remember his name
is so I'm not good to UM pronounce it
but i think you know we did have kind of
thought about this i don't really want
to buy Valbuena you know french teams
kind of book bit boring and
really want to go over the mainstream
stuff hipster yeah whatever but you know
Roberto caller says as well Brazilian
player I don't really when I go down
that route it's just a bit boring so we
go up and end up buying super hitch I'm
going to be the first center back in
that team and isn't a 4312 formation so
we got a nice formation to build around
our team so we will say bye as in see
their Ivanovich and then we go and buy
stankovich so we've got three serbian
players and a team already which is
going to look really nice on our team so
the fourth player is going to be Miguel
Valbuena or they'll both so were some of
that but he is a Portugal sentiments in
amid from the Syria and then we also
buyers and see their passing gwa to link
up with Ivanovich to get 9 came on that
player the center forward in that team
is going to be Palacio Argentine really
really great player a lot of pace and
just you know around decent player the
yes sir third center mid actually is
going to be Pogba and bronze player yes
he has actually moved from united now
from what i know but he is you know a
pretty good players got really lot well
it might being an amazing long shot
there might be a few clips of him with a
long shot you know very soon i'm not too
sure but we also by to see their ever
and then we buy the brush Dortmund
goalkeeper to link up with super tips to
make him have nine chem but the
two-stroke is that we go for our saviola
dozen see here used them in the past
he's got four star skills and it's just
incredible player for his price and then
we go fig wine I did want to buy Tevez
but I don't really have enough coins i
was like 4k short of buying Tevez so
that was kind of annoying but you know
we can only spend 30 on the team so
there's the ending team there's no links
with another serious I'd and Bundesliga
side with Everett and poker but you know
that as a team for me I'm really quite
happy with it you know it came out a lot
better than usual but just threw well
with first impressions in this team
after playing I think a couple of games
so far you know first impressions a
really nice team i won my first match 52
and that just you know sort of spells
out how good this team is for me and you
will see the first five goals in this
you know the girls at the end to be you
know some pretty good goals and I paired
against the team with like Messi in it
PK and this team just destroyed it
doesn't see
hige wine with the really nice finish in
the seventh minute to make it one nil
and then here we go palacio to make it
to nil in the 20th minute which makes it
you know really nice Cole did kind of
shrug of Picca there's a knife that was
a bit of a script in or whatever or just
you know the pure handicap whatever but
and see here a really nice goal there by
saviola just a 360 spin straight onto
the volley and I don't really know
whether whether that was a backheel or
not I did upload a video just saying
it's his back he'll or not and people
you know kind of said know a few people
said yes so it's kind of little bit you
know I didn't really know whether it's a
back he'll go or not so I'm gonna leave
that guys that decision to you guys
personally for me after doing it frae by
frame by frame I think it's just an EA
glitch where it looks like it's a back
heel goal but it really isn't but that's
pretty much going to be the end of the
video and there's gonna be a few more
goals but I'd like to address the
members wanted to say a massive thank
you for the support well the recent
videos has been amazing and also for you
guys to go and check out my second
channel I have got really don't know
what it's called a currently remember
but it's like Jack 54 SD or something
and I really don't know what I could of
that but you know that is what I called
it I might just upload some call of duty
stuff from there some other games that
either play you know I have a laugh on
call of duty with a couple of my mates
and we just sort of take the piss out
people on there we'll just we do some
jeebies so i might upload that it might
be a bit of a funny channel for you guys
to see button that guys thank you very
much for watching please do hit the like
button a thousand oaks would be
incredible to keep this sort of run of
the good lots going on this series it
would be really nice to see Ivan that
guys thank you very much for watching
thousand oaks would be incredible and
peace